---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Privacy Policy"
last_modified_at: 2021-08-20
toc: true
author_profile: true
---

**Update:** We have changed the Privacy Policy on 20 August 2021, to better protect your privacy and ensure we have no trackers or cookies on the website. Please give them a read if you want to review the changes.
{: .notice--info}

## Privacy Policy Oversimplified

This Privacy Policy respects my users' privacy, and does not connect to any known third-party services that may track or serve you cookies or ads.

### Log Files

The website stores no log files that could potentially have personal or non-personal information.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

The website collects no cookies, and has no relations with platforms like Google Analytics, Disqus and other such third-parties.


## Legal wording

If you want to see the full privacy policy and the terms of service, in legal wording instead of oversimplified sentences, here they are:

---

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to alexhowell2a.

- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- **Country** refers to: Romania

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Website.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **Website** refers to alexhowell2a, accessible from https://alexhowell2a.github.io/

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

---

#### Collecting your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

##### No data is being collected

While using Our Service, We will not collect any Personal Data or Usage Data that belongs to You.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We do not collect any Cookies and We do not use any Tracking Technologies while You are using our Service.

---

#### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company will not use your Personal Data for any purpose whatsoever.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will not retain Your Personal Data, for any purpose whatsoever.

The Company does not retain any Usage Data, for any purpose whatsoever.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not collect, nor retain any personally identifiable information from anyone, regardless of age. If You are a parent or guardian and You have any worries or questions related to Your or Your child's security while using our Service, please contact Us.

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: alextec70@protonmail.com

## Website Terms and Conditions of Use

### 1. Terms

By accessing this Website, accessible from https://alexhowell2a.github.io, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.

### 2. Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on https://alexhowell2a.github.io's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

- modify or copy the materials;

- use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;

- attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on https://alexhowell2a.github.io's Website;

- remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.


This will let https://alexhowell2a.github.io to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format. These Terms of Service has been created with the help of the Terms Of Service Generator.

### 3. Disclaimer

All the materials on https://alexhowell2a.github.io’s Website are provided "as is". https://alexhowell2a.github.io makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, https://alexhowell2a.github.io does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.

### 4. Limitations

https://alexhowell2a.github.io or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on https://alexhowell2a.github.io’s Website, even if https://alexhowell2a.github.io or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

### 5. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on https://alexhowell2a.github.io’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. https://alexhowell2a.github.io will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. https://alexhowell2a.github.io may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. https://alexhowell2a.github.io does not make any commitment to update the materials.

### 6. Links

https://alexhowell2a.github.io has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by https://alexhowell2a.github.io of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.

### 7. Site Terms of Use Modifications

https://alexhowell2a.github.io may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

### 8. Your Privacy

Please read our [Privacy Policy](#privacy-policy).

### 9. Governing Law

Any claim related to https://alexhowell2a.github.io's Website shall be governed by the laws of ro without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
