---
title: "2021 Best & Worst Movies and Shows of the Year Awards"
last_modified_at: 2021-12-12
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
author_profile: true
categories:
  - Movies
  - Shows
  - Movies & Shows of the Year Awards
  - List
  - MSOTY
tags:
  - movies
  - shows
  - msoty
  - list
---

# Introduction

Welcome to my totally not made-up 2021 Movies of The Year Awards! Here I award the best and worst movies I have watched this year. Enjoy.

# The Awards

### Best Action Movie: No Time To Die

A really good movie, has the classic James Bond feel to it, a sequel to 2015's *Spectre*, with brilliant soundtrack, visuals, good cast comprised of Daniel Craig, Rami Malek, Lea Seydoux, Lashana Lynch, Christoph Waltz and Ralph Fiennes, the story is pretty damn thrilling, Bond has been reactivated to destroy a deadly virus codenamed Heracles, fight off a few bad guys, do some cool stunts and kiss a few women. Classic.

##### Nominees for Best Action Movie:

- Dune
- Terminator 2: Judgement Day
- El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie

### Best Adventure Movie: Cruella

Hands down one of the best movies I have ever watched this year, and certainly the best adventure movie I've watched this year. Brilliant soundtrack again, a crazy idea that became the plot - A fight between Cruella and The Baroness in the fashion world, with a twist at the end -, Cruella was played by Emma Stone which did an incredible job acting, and Emma Thompson who played The Baroness, she also played the character brilliantly. There's dalmatians too, but they're not the focus of this movie, and I'm pretty happy with how it turned out.

##### Nominees for Best Adventure Movie:

- Dune
- Becoming Cousteau
- No Time To Die
- Invader Zim: Enter The Florpus

### Best Animation Movie: The Summit of the Gods

As a french speaker (Bonjour my french readers!), this movie is amazing. The animation is looking very good, the soundtrack slaps, the story was great.

##### Nominees for Best Animation Movie:

- South Park: Post COVID
- Blush
- The Witcher: Nightmare of the Wolf
- The Loud House
- Bricks In Motion
- Ratatouille

### Best Crime Movie: Joker

In Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him face-to-face with his alter-ego: the Joker.

##### Nominees for Best Crime Movie:

- The Unforgivable
- Cruella
- Miami Heat
- Nobody

### Best Drama Movie: The Unforgivable

A woman is released from prison after serving a sentence for a violent crime and re-enters a society that refuses to forgive her past. When I heard the soundtrack for the first few times on YT Music, I could have sworn it was similar to Control's soundtrack.

##### Nominees for Best Drama Movie:

- Joker
- Cruella
- Nobody
- Dune

### Best Documentary: Helvetica

##### Nominees for Best Documentary:

- Bricks In Motion
- Becoming Cousteau
- Saveart

### Best Science Fiction Movie: The Platform

##### Nominees for Best Science Fiction Movie:

- Cube
- Dune

# Best Movie of the Year: Dune

# Worst Movie of the Year: Red Notice

Hilariously bad, tries so hard to be taken seriously.

##### Nominees for the Worst Movie of the Year:

- Cube Zero
- Cube 2

# Best Show of the Year: Utopia

##### Nominees for the Best Show of the Year:

- Breaking Bad
- He-Man and The Masters of the Universe
- Squid Game
