---
title: "An update."
last_modified_at: 2022-05-15
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
author_profile: true
categories:
  - Announcements
  - Website Updates
  - Project Updates
tags:
  - announcements
  - website-announcements
  - project-updates
---

# An update to what's been going on up until May 15, 2022

Heya! Alex here.

You may have noticed that things have gone dark on the website, with no new posts or updates on anything that's been going on. Well, here's the TL;DR:

**Post TL;DR:**
Project Hangar's in development limbo, maybe getting postponed; | Project Mountain is going very well, may release earlier than the 2030 estimate; | Project 'Eiffel' is in concept stage with early development starting very soon; | Website updates alexhowell2a and Vanta Interactive are coming this summer, along with a new brand identity and a few updates on Vanta Interactive; | Starting an NFT collection named Pengu; | Projects BARBET and MOREL, with MOREL's subprojects are still going pretty strong, although may get delayed a little bit| Kalliope for reddit is getting cancelled; | I'm barely using Discord, and I'm recommending Revolt, Signal and Element as alternatives
{: .notice--warning}

Alright, let's get into the meat of it!

# Project Hangar development update

Project Hangar is in a bit of a limbo right now, with no in-engine or asset development. However, the lore and the story is almost finished, so after that's finalized, I'm getting back to concept stage and I'm hoping that by June i'll be back in full development on it.

If something comes up, the project *may* get postponed a bit, although hopefully nothing'll disrupt its development.

# Project Mountain development update

The lore and the story have been started all the way back in 2018 with a few simple ideas, and by now the lore is pretty big, and so is the story. We're already in concept stage and development has started on the game abilities, functions and mechanics.

If everything goes as planned, Project Mountain may release earlier than 2030.

# Project 'Eiffel'

Last year I have also secretly started another project (I'm sorry, I'm sorry, there's so many good ideas I have that I need to note somewhere and give codenames to, and it's a really good idea)

Lore and story will be developed this autumn or maybe parts of it in summer as well, and development won't start for a while. There's no estimated release date, although if I prioritize Hangar and Mountain, then I'd say 2035 should be fine.

# Website refresh

This summer (likely July), I will update both alexhowell2a and Vanta Interactive with a refreshed look. I'm already testing the new refresh on my local server and I'm updating it weekly to meet my arguably high standards. I'm pretty picky, I'm sorry.

Along with these website updates, I will refresh the brand identity for Vanta Interactive, as we'll prepare for new announcements and news on the website. Stay tuned in 2023!

# Starting a NFT collection - Pengu

Yep, the NFT craze partially got me. I'll mint a few cute-looking pinguin NFTs that I've handdrawn out of boredom. Don't worry, I won't make one piece of each, I'll make plenty. They're not very 'unique' or anything like that, i want to use NFTs as a method to support creators instead of becoming a greedy prick that'll sell some shitty PNGs for hundreds of thousands of dollars.

# Projects BARBET and MOREL, and MOREL' subprojects development update

Things are going very well for all of these, despite GitHub being dead silent. Assuming all goes well, this summer or late autumn I will announce some things related to these.

# Kalliope for reddit is getting cancelled

Yes, you've heard it right. Unfortunately, I have done no progress on Kalliope, and there's already a good alternative: Sync for reddit. Now with the new Material You update, the app looks very good and it's way better than the official reddit app.

# I'm barely using Discord

I don't really trust Discord, considering its pretty poor security, where a token stealer could compromise your account, Nitro and phishing scams are rampant, and so on. I'm recommending you switch to other, privacy-oriented alternatives.

If you want a very similar-to-Discord experience, Element and Revolt are your best alternatives. I've been using both for a long while and they're good.

If you want a privacy-oriented chat app, Signal's the way.

# Conclusion

This year, look out for the new website redesigns in July, and stay tuned for BARBET and MOREL-related announcements this summer or in late autumn. 2023 is shaping up to be a good year for announcements from me, so, stay tuned.

More posts on this website are coming soon, as I already have a few planned in the queue. I apologize for the inactivity.
